and we family so nice to see Madonna and
Akira Akira what's the connection
business partners 29 years my wife are
you married to each other and your chef
why us I'm a manager now I do not cook
much anymore true and Lisa you run the
I'm kind at the front of the house lady
greet the gas right serve tables if
needed
what is the problem with sushi go we did
not have enough guests clear there's no
guests but what's the problem
the main point I do not know you know we
stand in the window and ears trying to
get people to come in doesn't work
granny I'm so embarrassed I can be able
to desert front of Chef Ramsay so tell
me about sushi ko ILS done in bel-air so
then you brought out the other partners
and bore the name pretty much so yes and
then decided to sort of move sushi ko
from bel-air to your hometown here and
here's a note exact so how long did it
open here almost four years four years
and I can't do anything unless I find
out what the problems are so I'd like to
eat I've always recommend tuna try
something fusion I about sushi pizza
which is sushi pizza Japanese pizza I
don't I don't like it well I'm not a big
fan of any of our food there's just like
no flavor anymore because the cure is
not with all one ask at the kitchen okay
I'm gonna sit down have lunch I'll look
for catchin up
we both you after lunch taking a enjoy
lovely thank you